In this video, I'll explain how you keep
your computers and applications up-to-date with patches.
This is often one of the easiest and most cost-effective ways to secure systems.
Patches fix vulnerabilities before evil hackers have a chance to exploit them.
By the end, you'll be able to describe
the process and techniques for applying computer patches into
updates and determine patch levels for common systems and applications.
To explain patching I'll use our car analogy.
You can't get a brand new car every time something gets old or needs to be fixed.
What do you do to keep your cars as new as possible?
Well, we're told to perform routine maintenance like changing the oil,
putting air and tires,
and taking it in for service if there's a manufacturer's recall.
Simple maintenance can keep our cars updated.
If our tire gets a hole, what are options?
Well, we can put a patch on it or we can buy new tires or even a new car.
But what's most cost effective?
A patch. It's the same idea for our computers.
Whenever there's a problem like the vulnerabilities you learned earlier,
we usually don't buy a new computer or get a new application.
We fix it by installing a patch or update from the manufacturer.
Side note, the best practice is to always get
software updates from a trusted source like the manufacturer.
Beware of third-party sites distributing fixes as they may have malicious code embedded.
In cybersecurity, a patch,
meaning a software code revision,
is used to fix some type of an issue,
whether it's with functionality,
security, or to add new features.
You probably noticed that software patches,
updates, and upgrades happen all the time,
and that it can be overwhelming,
especially for a large enterprise with lots of computers and applications.
That's why organizations need a patch management process.
From NIST, the patch management process are
the steps you take for getting patches on computers.
There are five steps.
First, notification, which is the vendor announcement.
They tell you, "Hey, we have a patch ready,
you can download it and install it."
Second is that identification.
Remember your earlier asset inventory?
You need to identify if the patch even make sense for your environment.
Third step is deployment,
downloading it to the computers,
getting it ready for the next step,
which is installation, which puts it or installs it on the computer.
Last, and you don't want to forget this,
is verification, confirming it's there.
Often, this step is skipped and you don't realize you're behind in patches.
By following this process,
we can ensure our computers and software stay up-to-date and therefore more secure.